docs: Node.js setup instructions (#1903)
tauri-apps/tauri-docs: src/content/docs/guides/prerequisites/index.mdx

Be sure to restart your Terminal (and in some cases your system) for the changes to take affect.

Next: [Configure for Mobile Targets](#configure-for-mobile-targets) if you'd like to build for Android and iOS, or, if you'd like to use a JavaScript framework, [install Node](#nodejs). Otherwise [Create a Project](/guides/create/).

## Node.js 

:::note[JavaScript ecosystem]
Only if you intend to use a JavaScript frontend framework 
:::

> 1.  Go to [Node.js website](https://nodejs.org), download the Long Term Support (LTS) version and install it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to [Node.js website](https://nodejs.org), download the Long Term Support (LTS) version and install it. 
```

Next: [Configure for Mobile Targets](#configure-for-mobile-targets) if you'd like to build for Android and iOS. Otherwise [Create a Project](/guides/create/).

## Node.js 

:::note[JavaScript ecosystem]
Only if you intend to use a JavaScript frontend framework 
:::

> 1. Download and install [Node LTS](https://nodejs.org)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Go to [Node.js website](https://nodejs.org), download the Long Term Support (LTS) version and install it. 
```

2. Check if Node was succesfully installed by running:

```sh
node -v 
# v20.10.0
npm -v 
# 10.2.3
```

> Be sure to restart your Terminal (and in some cases your system) for the changes to take affect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's important to restart your Terminal to ensure it recognizes the new installation. In some cases, you might need to restart your computer.
```

> While npm is the default package manager, you can easily enable pnpm and yarn by running `corepack enable` on your Terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While npm is the default package manager for Node.js, you can also use others like pnpm or yarn. To enable these, run `corepack enable` in your Terminal. This step is optional and only needed if you prefer using a package manager other than npm.your Terminal.
```
